docs: Grammar overhaul (#20636)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/1.concepts/3.rendering.md

### Examples

Client-side rendering is a good choice for heavily interactive **web applications** that don't need indexing or whose users visit frequently. It can leverage browser caching to skip the download phase on subsequent visits, such as **SaaS, back-office applications, or online games**.

## Universal Rendering

When the browser requests a URL with universal (client-side + server-side) rendering enabled, the server returns a fully rendered HTML page to the browser. Whether the page has been generated in advance and cached or rendered on the fly, at some point, Nuxt has run the JavaScript (Vue.js) code in a server environment, producing an HTML document. Users immediately get the content of our application, contrary to client-side rendering. This step is similar to traditional **server-side rendering** performed by PHP or Ruby applications.

> To not lose the benefits of the client-side rendering method, such as dynamic interfaces and page transitions, the client loads the JavaScript code that runs on the server in the background once the HTML document has been downloaded. The browser interprets it again (hence **Universal rendering**) and Vue.js takes control of the document and enables interactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To not lose the benefits of the client-side rendering method, such as dynamic interfaces and page transitions, the client loads the JavaScript code that runs on the server in the background once the HTML document has been downloaded. The browser interprets it again (hence **universal rendering**) and Vue.js takes control of the document and enables interactivity.
```

> Making a static page interactive in the browser is called "Hydration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making a static page interactive in the browser is called hydration.
```

Author: It's the name of "phenomenon", why not keep it upper case?

Universal rendering allows a Nuxt application to provide quick page load times while preserving the benefits of client-side rendering. Furthermore, since the content is already present in the HTML document, crawlers can index it without overhead.

![Users can access the static content when the HTML document is loaded. Hydration then allows the page's interactivity](/assets/docs/concepts/rendering/light/ssr.svg){.light-img.dark:hidden}
![Users can access the static content when the HTML document is loaded. Hydration then allows the page's interactivity](/assets/docs/concepts/rendering/dark/ssr.svg){.dark-img.hidden.dark:block}

### Pros

- **Performance**: Users can get immediate access to the page's content because browsers can display static content much faster than JavaScript-generated one. At the same time, Nuxt preserves the interactivity of a web application when the hydration process happens.

> - **Search Engine Optimization**: Universal rendering delivers the entire HTML content of the page to the browser as a classic server application. Web crawlers can directly index the page's content, which makes Universal rendering an excellent choice for any content you want to index quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search Engine Optimization**: Universal rendering delivers the entire HTML content of the page to the browser as a classic server application. Web crawlers can directly index the page's content, which makes universal rendering an excellent choice for any content you want to index quickly.
```

### Cons

- **Development constraints:** Server and browser environments don't provide the same APIs, and it can be tricky to write code that can run on both sides seamlessly. Fortunately, Nuxt provides guidelines and specific variables to help you determine where a piece of code is executed.
- **Cost:** A server needs to be running to render pages on the fly. This adds a monthly cost like any traditional server. However, the server calls are highly reduced thanks to universal rendering, with the browser taking over on client-side navigation.

::alert

> For more examples about writing Vue code without hydration mismatch, see [the Vue docs](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/ssr.html#hydration-mismatch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples about writing Vue code without hydration mismatch, see the [Vue docs](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/ssr.html#hydration-mismatch).
```

## Summary

Client-side and universal rendering are different strategies of displaying an interface in a browser.

> By default, Nuxt uses **universal rendering** to provide better user experience and performance and to optimize search engine indexing, but you can switch rendering modes in [one line of configuration](/docs/api/configuration/nuxt-config#ssr).

Author: Not entirely valid in terms of grammar, as it is not a compound sentence.

> By default, Nuxt uses **universal rendering** to provide better user experience and performance and to optimize search engine indexing, but you can switch rendering modes in [one line of configuration](/docs/api/configuration/nuxt-config#ssr).

Reviewer: Sure, always learning ;) Let's leave it the way it is.

### Route Rules

> 🧪 Route rules are still under active development and subject to change.

Previously every route/page of a Nuxt application and server must use the same rendering mode, client-side or universal. But in various cases, some pages could be generated at build time, while others should be client-side rendered. For example, think of a content website with an admin section. Every content page should be primarily static and generated once, but the admin section requires registration and behaves more like a dynamic application.

> Nuxt 3 includes route rules and hybrid rendering support. Using route rules, you can define rules for a group of nuxt routes, change rendering mode or assign a cache strategy based on route! Nuxt server will automatically register corresponding middleware and wrap routes with cache handlers using [nitro caching layer](https://nitro.unjs.io/guide/cache). Whenever possible, route rules will be automatically applied to the deployment platform's native rules (currently, Netlify and Vercel are supported).

Author: Added, with an extra 's on Nitro's caching layer

> Nuxt 3 includes route rules and hybrid rendering support. Using route rules, you can define rules for a group of Nuxt routes, change rendering mode or assign a cache strategy based on route! Nuxt server will automatically register corresponding middleware and wrap routes with cache handlers using [Nitro's caching layer](https://nitro.unjs.io/guide/cache). Whenever possible, route rules will be automatically applied to the deployment platform's native rules (currently, Netlify and Vercel are supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt 3 includes route rules and hybrid rendering support. Using route rules, you can define rules for a group of Nuxt routes, such as changing rendering mode or assigning a cache strategy. Nuxt server will automatically register corresponding middleware and wrap routes with cache handlers using [Nitro's caching layer](https://nitro.unjs.io/guide/cache). Whenever possible, route rules will be automatically applied to the deployment platform's native rules (currently, Netlify and Vercel are supported).
```

Author: Done

- `redirect` - Define server-side redirects.

> - `ssr` - Disables server-side rendering for sections of your app and make them SPA-only with `ssr: false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ssr` - Disables server-side rendering for sections of your app and make them SPA-only with `ssr: false`.
```

> - `cors` - Automatically add CORS headers with `cors: true` - you can customize the output by overriding with `headers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cors` - Automatically add CORS headers with `cors: true` - you can customize the output by overriding with `headers`.
```

> - `headers` - Add specific headers to sections of your site - for example, your assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `headers` - Add specific headers to sections of your site - for example, your assets.
```

- `swr` - Add cache headers to the server response and cache it in the server or reverse proxy for a configurable TTL. The `node-server` preset of Nitro can cache the entire response. For Netlify and Vercel, the response is also added to the CDN layer.
- `static` - The behavior is the same as `swr` except that there is no TTL; the response is cached until the next deployment. On Netlify and Vercel, it enables full incremental static generation.

> - `prerender` - Prerenders routes at build time and includes them in your build as static assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `prerender` - Prerenders routes at build time and includes them in your build as static assets.
```
